Customer management provides support to customers
from product inquiry through order completion,
as well as during the post-order period.
An understanding of customer requirements
flows through the supply chain.
Thus, this information is valuable to warehousing
for item handling, inventory management
for policies, and procurement for restocking.
The improved responsiveness and flexibility that comes
from information accuracy and visibility ensures
that VA can provide service to all facilities
for patient care and for mobilization efforts.
Understand that mobilization efforts
can include emergency management, or EM,
within your facility, which is at the federal level.
EM can be worked at the federal, state, or county level.
Mobilization can also apply
to the pandemic efforts in facilities.